## Slides
- [Introduction](https://github.com/Docker-Sacramento/meetups/blob/master/docs/2019/march/Docker%20Sacramento%20Meetup%20March%2026th%2C%202019.pdf)
- [Free Prometheus](https://github.com/Docker-Sacramento/meetups/blob/master/docs/2019/march/Docker%20Containers%20on%20Heroku%20Lightning%20Talk.pdf)
- [GitHub Actions](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vR3OYK1vx1Eh7FYDfg2A35DFvggYtQbYshPyEBQKoKo_PZ6lonFyWDN7L9KefYEG6LGVOSyDzqddIzE/pub?slide=id.p)

## Intro

On March 26 the Sacramento chapter for Docker user group met to celebrate the 6th birthday for Docker Inc. and Docker creation. We were hosted by TEKsystems in Ranch Cordova, thanks to Joshua Gurin. We had about 20 attendees for the turn out. Pizzas were provided by GitHub, while Docker provided additional swag (shirts, stickers and balloons), thank you Jesse Turcotte and Jason Epstein for bringing the swag. GitHub also provided some additional GitHub swag, thank you Ian Manter for bringing the shirts. 

## We had 5 awesome lightning talks

Jesse and Jason, gave us a sneak peak at what's coming with Docker Enterprise 3.0. Including new features and support for Kubernetes on Windows, and mixed workload support between Kubernetes and Swarm. We also got a nice demo of the new Docker Desktop Enterprise Edition, which has features such as being able to switch versions, and also the ability to templify and manage creation of docker applications via GUI. A coupon code was offered to the audience that will give you a discount on Docker tickets. 

Eric Courville had a quick talk about Docker certification and what's involved. How you can prepare and study on Pluralsight.com.

Casey Lee presented GitHub Actions, and it's use of Docker containers to automate work based on GitHub events. Biggest question was, is this a way to get rid of Jenkins? Casey showed how GitHub Actions workflow works, and also provided additional help on how to debug/build actions. Casey is the creator of a tool called "act", which allows you to automate what happens on a GitHub action locally with docker, a workflow file and your cli. Check it out: https://github.com/cplee/github-actions-demo

Ramesh Kumar presented on how Sacramento City college automates lab setups for 1600 desktops. Students need quick and easy way to setup lab environments. Using Docker with remote ssh access he is able to support over 1900 students that are working with over 30k Docker images. Using Docker this way makes it super easy to manage and maintain over 10TB of data. 

Greg May presented on how Williams Sonma organizes and provides self service for namespace deployments in Kubernetes to make it super easy for teams to on board new applications. The team uses Jenkins and Kubernetes Terraform plugins to automate the process of configuration managing their Kubernetes environment. 

Edward Raigosa presented on work being done for UC Davis continuing and professional education for DevOps curriculum. One of the modules in Edward's course for Continuous Integration explores how you can use Travis CI and GitHub Checks API system to capture metrics with Probot and Prometheus. Edward provided some quick steps on how to setup a Prometheus server on Heroku using some of the material from the class. 

## Wrap Up

We also enjoyed a lovely cake that was donated by Eric Courville's family. Speakers were also provided with some thank you shirts celebrating dockers birthday.

Look forward to doing our next meetup. Thank you everyone for making this meetup a success.
